# Eudemonia-Healthtech

Ureck-A-Thon 2023
*Title of the website:- We present you the mental-aid website named "EUDEMONIA" .

*Origin of the title:- Eudaimonia is a Greek word literally translating to the state or condition of 'good spirit', and which is commonly translated as 'happiness' or 'welfare'. In works of Aristotle, eudaimonia was the term for the highest human good in older Greek tradition.

*effectiveness of our website:- Mental illness, also called mental health disorders, refers to a wide range of mental health conditions — disorders that affect your mood, thinking and behavior. Examples of mental illness include depression, anxiety disorders, schizophrenia, eating disorders and addictive behaviors.A mental illness can make you miserable and can cause problems in your daily life, such as at college or work or in relationships. In most cases, symptoms can be managed with a combination of medications and talk therapy.But due to lack of time and busy schedule it is difficult for people to attend them . Also , therapy sessions are quite costly , so it is usually not opted as an option by young individuals. Here, in our website we offer them to have a private yet effective way of expressing their thoughts and problems. We have quizzes related to their thoughts and process which helps us to analyse their level of mental illness. Our website provides them a personal diary to maintain their daily process of writing down their thoughts. they can have access to their past writings also. Our website provides the to-do list which the person should follow to improve their mental health.
